hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film called
pacific rim
be ready for some spoilers ahead
in the deepest part of the ocean an
interdimensional breach opens up
and monsters called kaijus began coming
out from the doorway continuously
humanity tried everything to destroy the
monsters but our conventional weapons
are ineffective against creatures this
size
for the survival of the human race the
countries put aside their differences
and begins building gigantic machines
called jaegers to combat the kaijus
the jaegers put too much stress on a
single pilot so a two pilot system was
implemented
humanity begins winning against the
giant monsters and the jaeger pilots
became heroes
the main character raleigh and his
brother yanzi are being deployed against
the category 3 kaiju
co-named knifehead they walk inside the
head of the jaeger and begins putting on
their specialized combat suits
the hatches unlock and they're dropped
on top of a massive mechanical body
in assembly the jaeger is called gypsy
danger
and the massive machine towers over
everything around it while being brought
forth to the docking bay
the brothers are able to pilot the
jaeger because of their unique bond
which allows them to be drift compatible
this means a neural link is able to
connect the two through memories
and allow them to control the jaeger
together marshall stacker tells the
brothers to stay put and guard the base
but they decide to disobey his orders
and save the 10 people still outside in
the storm
the massive kaiju erupts out of the
ocean and towers over the fishing boat
full of people
just when the monster is about to attack
gypsy rises from beneath the waves as
well
and carries the boat away from danger
just in time the brothers throw furious
of punches at the kaiju and knocks it
down with a powerful slam to the head
the monster rushes towards the aeger but
gypsy grabs onto its head and prepares
to use the plasma cannon on the other
hand
they fire at the monster and the
explosion sends the kaiju flying
backwards into the ocean
however the marshal tells the brothers
that they're still picking up the
monster's signal
and the kaiju jumps out of the water
taking out one of gypsy's arms
the monster grabs onto the jaeger's head
and rips off half of it
killing yancey in the process the main
character is forced to pilot alone and
struggles to fire the plasma cannon
while knifehead continues dismantling
the robot raleigh manages to shoot a
large blast at the kaiju and both their
signals disappear as a result
luckily the main character survived and
pilots the jaeger to shore all by
himself
he crashed lands on the beach north of
the headquarters and gets rescued by a
man with his grandson
five years later the united nations is
abandoning the jaeger program
as the kaijus are destroying the
machines faster than humanity can
rebuild them
the world leaders decide to invest in
building walls around the major cities
as a better option against the monsters
despite the setbacks from the higher ups
marshall stacker refuses to give up on
the program that he's supposed to lead
at the same time raleigh has given up
piloting the yeagers and survives by
working as a builder for the coastal
wall program
their efforts are questioned by the
workers when they see another wall being
destroyed by a kaiju within hours
luckily
the city was saved by eureka striker one
of the newest jaegers built in australia
would destroy the kaiju with missile
attacks the people begged the pilots to
stay
but they're moving to hong kong just
like the rest of the yeagers
a helicopter touches down as raleigh
heads to the outside of the building
he's surprised to see that the marshall
has come for him personally
and wants him to come back as a pilot
again riley refuses to return
as his memories of his brother still
haunt him every moment
but the marshal manages to convince him
by asking where he rather die
building a wall or inside the jaeger
they arrive at hong kong and raleigh
meets mako
the marshall's adopted daughter who
apparently has a very low opinion on the
main character
stacker shows raleigh the other jaegers
crimson typhoon from china was piloted
by the triplets known for their
thundercloud formations
and cherno alpha one of the most brutal
machines from russia
they also meet the pilots for eureka
striker chuck and his father hansen
with the amazing record of 11 kills the
marshall explains that their plan is to
install a nuclear weapon
on eureka and carry it to the breach
guarded by the other jaegers
they will detonate the bomb inside the
portal in order to close it permanently
the team meets the scientists
responsible for their mission hermann a
physicist
and newton a kaiju biologist hermann
explains that the kaijus will appear
faster and faster
and they will increase their numbers in
the future until humanity is destroyed
he thinks that the increased traffic in
the breach will allow it to remain open
long enough for a nuclear weapon to be
dropped in and when that explodes
the portal will close permanently newton
disagrees and thinks that they don't
have enough information about the
monsters yet
he thinks that the kaijus are clones as
their dnas are exactly the same
the biologist thinks that they should
try to use the mind drift technology of
the yeagers to connect with a kaiju ring
in order to understand the enemy more
stacker chooses herman's plan over
newtons as he needs immediate solutions
rather than something that sounds like
science fiction
marco takes the main character to his
room and raleigh inquires about her
opinion on his performance
the woman is critical about the main
character's decision-making abilities as
she thinks that riley takes too many
risks
he agrees with her while thinking about
his brother but assures her that he
tries his best to atone for his mistakes
marco goes to her room but feels guilty
about her bluntness
she turns around only to see the man's
chiseled body and gets paralyzed by his
male hormones
the next day raleigh begins the
selection process for the co-pilot but
he defeats every single one of the
candidates with ease
he sees marco's body language showing
her criticalness towards his performance
and dares the marshall to allow his
brightest student inside the ring
stacker hesitates but he allows mako to
fight after being pushed repeatedly by
the main character
the two begin fighting each other and
their movements become synchronized as
they're evenly matched
the marshall stops their combat after
multiple rounds and raleigh becomes
convinced that mako is the perfect
co-pilot for him
nonetheless stacker refuses to allow her
to be in real combat
and everyone walks away in
disappointment at the same time
newton sets up his lab equipment against
the orders from the marshall
and begins connecting his mind with the
kaiju's frontal lobe
he quickly sees a vision of the kaiju's
headquarters and realizes that they're
grown by aliens just like he suspected
he nearly kills himself through the
process but herman manages to save him
just in time
after much consideration the marshal
decides to pay mako a visit
and keep the promise he made to her by
allowing her to pilot the jaeger
raleigh is surprised to see mako enter
the machine and is happy that he's
finally getting a worthy co-pilot
the two begins the drifting process and
their memories become interconnected
stacker gets the news from hermann that
newton has successfully drifted with the
kaiju brain
and rushes over to see the results the
biologist tells him that the kaijus are
actually weapons used by a race of
aliens that conquers planets and use up
its resources
stacker wants newton to do it again but
he requires another brain from the
monsters
the marshall gives them the contact for
hannibal chow a black market organ
dealer for the kaijus
on the other side things begin to go
wrong as raleigh starts seeing his dead
brother in the drift
the spiking energy destabilizes the
jaeger and makuu also begins seeing her
memories
apparently her parents were killed by
one of the kaijus when she was little
and she became terrified of the monsters
rally tries to snap her out of the
memories but her emotional connections
are too strong
and she begins defending her illusions
by triggering the jaeger's plasma cannon
the crew manages to disengage the weapon
systems and save the facility from
complete destruction
raleigh rushes towards mako as she
regains her consciousness from the
nightmares
at the same time newton manages to find
hannibal in the black market
the man becomes furious when he learned
that the doctor drifted with the kaiju's
brain
the connection is a two-way street which
means that the aliens now know more
about the humans as well
and they'll likely come looking for
newton back in the headquarters they
receive more seismic
activities indicating that there will be
a double event occurring with category 4
kaijus codenamed otachi and leatherback
the marshall tells cherno alpha and
crimson typhoon to engage the monsters
while eureka striker stays back to
defend the harbor
he orders raleigh and mako to stay put
for this mission
they head towards the ocean and the
helicopters drop them in front of the
coastline while eureka's striker follows
closely behind
the crimson typhoon begins detecting
movements around them
and the kaiju otachi jumps out landing a
direct hit using his tail
and sending the jaeger flying into the
water typhoon recovers quickly and
begins using their thundercloud
formation
they manage to land multiple strikes on
the creature but their blades are
stopped by otachi
as it overpowers the jaeger typhoon
quickly jumps upwards and using its
amazing agility
flips the kaiju in the air and throwing
it into the ocean
alpha charges in and continues to pummel
the monster by punching its head
otachi sees an opening and knocks cherno
alpha into the ocean
it then continues to attack typhoon with
the tail and eventually decapitates the
jaeger's head
killing the pilots inside seeing their
teammates destroyed the russians begin
charging at the monster
but otachi spits out acid from its mouth
which paralyzes the robot
the australian team rushes towards the
battlefield and tries to save their
teammates
but leatherback jumps out from the ocean
and begins attacking cherno alpha as
well
otashi goes to face the australians but
gets knocked down right away
and continues to get pummeled by a
barrage of punches followed by a
devastating uppercut
journal alpha gets pushed inside the
ocean and the kaiju destroys its pilots
by causing it to explode from inside
eureka striker grabs the monster and
lifts it in the air
the robot throws the kaiju in the water
and prepares to finish it by launching
its missiles
leatherback senses the attack and
releases a large pulse of emp that
disables the jaeger and all electronics
in the city
with no other choice stacker allows
raleigh and mako on the battlefield
as their jaeger has a nuclear reactor
and are not affected by the attack
at the same time newton runs away
towards the closest shelter as uttachi
comes looking for him after he drifted
with their kind
destroying buildings and causing chaos
in the city henson decides to unhook
himself from the machine
but gets thrown to the walls when the
kaiju punches the jaeger
damaging his arm in the process he
decides with his son to protect the city
and buy the people some time by
distracting
kaiju with their flare guns but only
manages to annoy the monster which turns
to attack them
they're saved when gypsy danger appears
from behind and catches the kaiju's
attention
leatherback charges towards the jaeger
but gypsy manages to maneuver behind
and destroy its weapons this angers the
monster which prompts it to throw them
onto shore
gypsy manages to land without damage and
charges towards leatherback
hitting it with a devastating strike
they continue to punch the kaiju and
uses their elbow rocket to send the
creature stumbling backwards
the monster regains his balance and
charges at the jaeger but gypsy manages
to hold it back
they prepare the plasma cannon and
shoots at the kaiju continuously
until its arm falls off and the monster
becomes unconscious from the attack
gypsy throws the body on the floor and
begins heading towards the trail of
destruction
hunting the other monster before otachi
can devour the doctor
it notices a presence approaching from
behind and turns around
only to see gypsy danger walking towards
it dragging a cargo ship
raleigh and mako uses the boat as a
sword and begins striking the kaiju with
multiple attacks
the monster eventually fights back and
throws away the boat it then shoots acid
at the aegir
but they managed to evade the attack
just in time gypsy grabs the monster's
tongue
trying to disable its weapons mako
destroys the monster's tail by releasing
coolants on it and breaking it into
pieces
they then proceed to rip out the kaiju's
tongue with both hands
surprisingly the monster grabs onto the
jaeger and shows its wings
the creature then begins flying towards
the sky as it strikes the robot into the
buildings
otachi continues to bring gypsy out of
the atmosphere as they begin to lose all
functions
mako takes their last weapon and
proceeds to cut the creature in half
with a sword
they begin falling towards the earth and
manages to slow down their descent by
concentrating all their energy into a
blast
they crash into the ground causing a
large shockwave but emerges unharmed
raleigh and mako comes back to the
headquarters and everyone cheers for
their victory
meanwhile newton discovers that one of
the dead kaiju was pregnant
and they can use the newborn creature's
brain to enter the drift
hermann decides to help his friend with
the drift in their last attempt to learn
as much as they can before the team goes
on their final mission
they connect with the kaiju spring and
discovers the secrets to the breach by
searching the memories
the two immediately realizes that their
plan won't work
and russia still informed the marshal at
the same time stacker has decided to
replace hansen due to his injuries and
pilot the jaeger personally
chuck says goodbye to his father as he
knows that this mission might be his
last
the two remaining jaegers drop into the
ocean and begins heading towards the
breach
they maneuver underwater and soon begins
to realize that the visibility is
extremely poor
as they reach closer to the portal they
begin seeing two kaijus
skunner and raiju both category fours
however
they notice that oddly the kaijus are
not trying to stop them from making the
jump
the two doctors rush into the command
room and tells them to stop immediately
they won't be able to go through the
breach because it requires the kaiju's
dna for access
they have to trick the system by going
into the portal with one of the monsters
before the doctors can finish explaining
the radar picks up another signature
coming out
this time a category 5 kaiju named
slattern appears
raleigh and mako tries to help their
teammate but gets attacked by
skunner right away they manage to throw
the monster on the ground
but raiju strikes from behind and takes
out one of their arms
it turns around and charges at the main
character but instead of escaping
they point the sword at the monster and
proceeds to cut the kaiju in half using
its own momentum
the category 5 kaiju attacks eureka and
pushes it away from the breach
they manage to fight back and stabs the
monster with both of their swords
causing it to scream in agony slanted
yells to his comrade for help
and the two monsters charge out the
jaeger with blinding speed
realizing that there's no escape the
marshal plans to use himself as a bomb
to clear the way for gypsy danger so
that they may use their nuclear reactor
to close the breach
he detonates the bomb which causes a
huge explosion sending the water away
from underneath the ocean
gypsy braces for the impact and begins
walking towards the breach
surprisingly slathering somehow survived
the explosion and plans to prevent gypsy
from reaching the portal
they jump towards the monster and begin
snapping it repeatedly
raleigh turns on the central reactor and
begins burning a hole through the kaiju
which ultimately kills it they manage to
make it through the bridge while
carrying the monster's body
mako slowly passes out from the lack of
oxygen but raleigh puts her in the
escape pod and fires it away from the
aliens
he dislodges himself and continues
towards the nuclear reactor where he
manually sets the explosion to occur in
60 seconds
roddy then ejects himself in the escape
pod as the jaeger continues to fall into
the kaiju's military base the aliens
look at the machine in confusion as the
nuclear reactor approaches meltdown and
explodes
destroying everything in the vicinity
and closing the bridge at the same time
both mako and raleigh survived the
explosion and the people
celebrating their victory the two
embrace each other as the military
arrives to their rescue
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more i'll see you
guys next time